c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\UI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\UI.g.resources
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\BL.dll
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\DA.dll
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\DA.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RepasoCRUD\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\UI.exe
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\UI_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\UI.g.resources
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\UI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\UI.pdb
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\BL.dll
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\DA.dll
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\DA.pdb
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\Menu.baml
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\Menu.g.cs
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\PAlumnos.baml
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\PCursos.baml
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\PAlumnos.g.cs
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\PCursos.g.cs
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\PMatricula.baml
C:\Users\LuisAntoni\Documents\GitHub\FDIMatricula\UI\obj\Debug\PMatricula.g.cs
